hey what's going on guys it's a mirage
drawers and today I'm bringing guys a
free-for-all gameplay on the map
underground where I use the pm-9 SMG and
I want to talk to you guys about how to
avoid being killed right when you spawn
a free-for-all and also how to avoid
being killed when you are on a kill
streak and someone spawns right around
you and free for all these have got to
be the two most common things people ask
about whenever I post a free for all
gameplay where I do really well people
seem to think i have a third sense for
knowing where people are and when they
spawn behind me and people also seem to
think that I never have people spawning
behind me who then kill me that I'm sort
of immune to that problem in call duty
which I assure you I am NOT but I
definitely do have a bunch of tips to
help you guys out so that happens a lot
less to you and I wanted to make a video
and share those with you today but
before I do let's talk a little bit
about the free-for-all spawn system so
you have a better understanding I want
to try to help you guys out with you so
basically a free-for-all spawn system or
some like to call it the revenge spawn
system works sort of like this um the
game always wants to put two people
close to each other kolduny is a high
action game that's you know what makes
call duty really pee like a lot of
people so call duty spawn system for
free for all sort of has this mentality
where it wants to swung people close to
each other but not too close to each
other so it judges that sort of on its
own it's got its own scale for that and
there's a bunch of its spawn points on
the map so whenever two people are close
to each other whenever the game spawns
two people close to each other and you
know guy kills guide be well then a
spawn point near guy a opens up suddenly
now with in his vicinity it's only him
unless there's another guy who's run to
that area before or runs into that area
you know right as he kills guy be and
then as soon as that spawn point near
person a opens up then someone else on
the map or person B who just died is
going to spawn there so let's say a
couple people die on the map right as
you kill someone well then one of those
people is going to spawn near you not
necessarily the exact person who you
just killed but a lot of the time it is
that exact person who you just killed so
regardless of whether or not it is that
same person you have to deal with the
problem with people constantly spawning
near you and sometimes when it is
the person you just killed them knowing
exactly where you are because you just
shot them in the face and they're also
you know looking to get a little bit of
revenge that so here are some tips for
you guys so you guys can avoid getting
killed right when that happens number 1
i'll say this it's very very easy to do
use a silencer and free for all it's
very important that you do there are
different strategies that will work if
you don't use a silencer but the easiest
one is to use a silencer and to stay off
the radar because if someone spawns the
first thing they're going to do is look
for someone on the radar shooting their
gun near them and if that is you you are
toast my friend you are definitely going
to die so really be careful and use a
silencer it will help you out a ton I
promise the next thing I can recommend
to you guys and I know it sounds a
little bit obvious but constantly check
your back constantly do three if
360-degree spins looking around you at
all times because this is not team
deathmatches is not domination or
demolition or any of those game types
there's not a safe area behind you where
your teammates are spawning or anything
like that and so many people get in the
habit of just looking in front of them
because they're used to playing those
other team based game modes by the way
look at this kill him right here this
was pretty crazy the guy shot it out a
helicopter and then the javelin came
down at me anyway back to what I'm
saying people always seem to get that
mentality where they just look ahead of
them and that is definitely not going to
help you out and you know free-for-all
you're constantly going to need to be
checking your back like I do right here
you see I just killed that guy in front
of me first thing I do is turn around to
where I spawn and check the spawn point
behind me because I knew it was really
likely a game this fall someone there
and the last tip I have for you guys
that I can go into a little bit more
detail about this at a future video but
get a headset man get a competitive
gaming headset if you're serious about
the game there's a ton out there that
are really really awesome that I
recommend you guys use I use astro a40 s
but there are definitely a lot of other
more affordable brands that are also
really good so check them out do some
research maybe i'll make another video
talking about the headsets but hearing
people around you is huge huge huge huge
I can make an entire video about it and
you know
it helps my personal game out so anyway
guys hope you guys found these tips
helpful for free for all hope you guys
go out there and pose some noobs and
free-for-all with the new tips if you
found them helpful please please please
take a second to like this video it
helps me out a ton it is really really
awesome and I'll see you guys later bye